# explain-rs
A library which finds language features in rust code and provides resources on them.

### Give your co-workers a quickstart into your rust code's syntax.
Introducing Rust in existing teams can be difficult. Some members might work primarily in other languages and therefore can't devote much time to learn rust in all its facets.
Code in an unfamiliar syntax looks like gibberish at first, whilst the underlying concepts might in fact be similar with a known language.

That's where tooling comes into play: Paste your code / let it run on your source and it'll link to e.g. the rust book page for `destructuring` patterns for further reading.
Ideally, this will make it possible for rust beginners to dive into existing, expressive code bases, while learning rust on the fly.
I could probably go on, but you're here to see it in action:
[Just **hover** with your mouse over the explanation](https://msleepypanda.github.io/explain-rs/function_args.rs.html)!

What you see there is autogenerated (travis ci -> gh-pages). This is the output of one of the case/syntax studies (more will be available later on in the [Index](https://msleepypanda.github.io/explain-rs/)) on which this library is built upon, which leads us to the next point:

### Please provide rust source snippets with (exotic) syntax

Please [open issues](https://github.com/MSleepyPanda/explain-rs/issues/new) with syntax you'll find hard to grasp. Unless already covered (if in doubt, open issue anyway), these will be integrated into our syntax studies.
This will give us a good feeling on where to focus in the beginning.

### Features
 * Generates HTML Output
   * Highlighting of corresponding source code regions via CSS
   * Syntax highlighting via highlight.js

### Goals
Eventually, we want to support the rust syntax completely, at least in a basic form. Things i'd like to explore at that point would be pattern analysis and type level integration via RLS.

We want to provide a transpiled (emscripten -> wasm/asm.js) version of it, so that you can run it in the browser.

### Status
Pre alpha. No webinterface yet. Don't expect it to work on your code. Also, currently it only generates explanations on its own snippets.

### License

explain-rs is distributed under the terms of both the MIT license and the Apache License (Version 2.0).